Add DevOps, CI/CD, and performance optimization instructions (#58)
github/awesome-copilot: instructions/kubernetes-deployment-best-practices.instructions.md

---
applyTo: ['*']

> description: "Comprehensive best practices for deploying and managing applications on Kubernetes. Covers Pods, Deployments, Services, Ingress, ConfigMaps, Secrets, health checks, resource limits, scaling, and security contexts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Comprehensive best practices for deploying and managing applications on Kubernetes. Covers Pods, Deployments, Services, Ingress, ConfigMaps, Secrets, health checks, resource limits, scaling, and security contexts.'
```
